I came here to Samburu with save the
elephants seven years ago in that time
I've got to know many of the elephants
well and there's one elephant for whom I
have a particular affection whilst this
is a time of Plenty for most of the
elephants in the park there's one little
female here who's not doing so well
her name's Babel and she has this
terrible handicap of a broken back leg
we're not entirely sure what happened to
Babel it could have been a poachers
bullet that smashed into her leg and
broke the bone or more likely it seems
that when she came into her first Easter
sat about 10 11 12 years old she was
mounted by a very heavy bull and his
weight crushed her I suppose what I
really love about Babel it's her
tenacity she's a real wily old survivor
often when we find her she's lagging far
behind the rest of the herd so she
doesn't really have downtime like the
rest of the elephants she struggles hard
you can see the strain that her body has
taken as a result how twisted her spine
as the comers the body compensates to
use her front legs as crutches but she
manages to keep up with the rest of the
family and that's why she's still alive
today Babel is 16 now which makes her
almost independent in elephant society
but because she's handicapped the
matriarch Babylon still keeps an eye out
for her
you